
*********************Tracking example***********************

This directory shows an example of tracking corners in an nine frame
"toy car" sequence courtesy of University of Massachusetts.

image.[1-9] contain the images in .sgi format
corners.[1-9] contain extracted corners and associated 5x5 intensity windows



../trackCorners OutData.Seg -p Parameters < InDataFile


The algorithm may need tuning for your particular application.  This
is accomplished by modifying the parameters in the file Parameters.

1.  Determine that the Kalman filter parameters,

	position varianceX
	position varianceY
	gradient variance
	intensity Variance
	process variance
and
	Intensity Threshold
	maximum mahalanobis distance for validationi MODEL 1
	maximum mahalanobis distance for validationi MODEL 2 (CONSTANTVEL with z=2)
	maximum mahalanobis distance for validationi MODEL 3
	Initial state Variance(Velocity component)

are set correctly.  To do so, create a data file in which there is
only one typical track.  If the MHT does not correctly group all
measurements with a single track, it may be that measurements are not
correctly validating to a track.  In this case, it may be necessary to
increase the process or measurement noise or lower thresholds.  These
tests should be performed with the MHT pruning parameters (see (3))
set as high as possible to avoid errors due to pruning.

2.  Determine that the MHT parameters

	probability of detection
	probability of termination (Lamda_x)
	mean new tracks per scan
	mean false alarms per scan
 
are set correctly.  These should probably not need to be changed from
the default settings.  The algorithm is robust to these values.  No
major suggestions, but start with simple examples, such as (i) single
track, (ii) two intersecting tracks, (iii) single track and false
alarms etc. and verify that the correct interpretation is found.  If
not, try to look at probabilities to understand why incorrect
hypothesis was preferred.  These tests should be performed with the
MHT pruning parameters (see (3)) set as high as possible to avoid
errors due to pruning.

3.  Determine pruning parameters

	maximum number of global hypotheses per group
	maximum depth of track trees
	minimum ratio between likelihoods of worst and best global hypotheses

are set correctly.  These should initially be set as large as possible
to avoid problems due to pruning.  Then, when other parameters are
set, adjust the pruning parameters to minimize the number of
hypotheses examined while still getting correct answer.


To view Tracks 
______________

Place X fallback resource file "X.DrawTracks" in home directory.
Usage:

drawTracks start end Corner_file_stem Image_file_stem maxCorners < trackFile

Example:

../drawTracks/drawTracks 5 55 Corner_file_stem  Image_file_stem 350 < OutData.Seg


